layer. Then you can easily add or delete any layer, or move it up or down in the "stack" of layers. Take the
layer out and see what it looks like without it; then return the layer to your plan.

Most importantly, you don't need any skill at all in drafting, design, or drawing to create professional, highly
accurate, useful designs. I know, because I can barely write legibly, yet I've designed several projects myself
with TurboCAD, including the home office from which I'm writing to you right now.

			What TurboCAD Is Really Like To Use

Let me "talk you through" what it's like to use TurboCAD yourself. Let's use my back yard project that
I recently completed. Because I have both the DOS and Windows versions, I tried it on both. Windows
or DOS, it doesn't make any difference.

But, let me tell you how I did it using the Windows version. First, I took the measurements of my back
yard directly from the plot plan that came with the title to the house. Next, I talked with the landscaper
about what he had in mind.

			Then It Was Time To Sit Down at the PC

Using the handy icon ruler on my screen, I simply clicked my mouse to set the scale of the drawing, then
drew the first property line by moving the mouse. I clicked on a second icon to define the distances and
angles, which I took from my plot plan. I put in different points using the pre-defined distances, and
TurboCAD drew complete lines that exactly matched the irregular shape of my lot. Each time I did so, the
edit bar at the top of my screen told me what my current settings were, and the status bar at the bottom
told me exactly where I was.

I then used the same points again to set up the dimensions of a standard prefabricated deck...the one the
contractor could build most economically for me.

I clicked my mouse to open the Construction Details Symbols Library, and put in sliding glass doors to the
deck. I clicked again to open the Landscaping Symbols Library, and pulled out the bushes and flower bed
symbols I wanted. Then I started to get slick, and put in a hatching texture on the deck. By now the plan
began to really look like something, so I called my wife to take a look. Right away, she saw some ways to
improve the deck and the landscaping so that they fit better with our lifestyle.

I could barely believe it! TurboCAD had made a real difference in my own project, and within hours after
I started using it.

Just as impressive as TurboCAD's usefulness for personal projects is what it does for professionals. I took
TurboCAD to my next door neighbor, an electronic engineer who does CAD work all day. Using only his
home PC and TurboCAD, he read and modified some .DXF files he brought home from his office. He even
liked a few things about the TurboCAD interface better than the AutoCAD~ he usually uses.

			Try TurboCAD Risk-Free!

Now you and I both know that $149.95, which is TurboCAD's list price, isn't much to spend in today's
world for a highly featured CAD software package.

But I'd like you to try TurboCAD risk-free for 60 days at the special price of $29.95, plus shipping and
handling. You've got nothing to lose and everything to gain. You'll get a complete design program that's
easy to learn and use. And when you buy TurboCAD for just $29.95, nearly 80% off TurboCAD's regular list
price, I'll even throw in a valuable extra. Here's how it works.

Fill in the enclosed Risk-Free Trial Acceptance Form. Include your payment information, and we'll ship
TurboCAD to you right away. When you get TurboCAD, try it out on your own PC for 60 days. You'll find it
