SYSTAT, Inc.
1800 Sherman Avenue
Evanston, Illinois 60201

708 864.5670
708 492.3567 FAX


SYSTAT


Wednesday, March 24, 1993


Steve Rice
Information Science Research Institute
UNLV College of Engineering
4507 Maryland Parkway
Las Vegas, Nevada 89154


Dear Mr. Rice:


Thank you for your call; it was a pleasure speaking with you. I am delighted to learn of your interest in
SYSTAT products.

SYSTAT 5.0 for Windows takes full advantage of Windows, with pull-down menus, dialog boxes, sizable
windows, and the ease of use you expect in a Windows package. Just point and click; SYSTAT's
QuickStatTM buttons give you simple, single-click shortcuts to common statistical analyses.

SYSTAT output can be viewed on-screen, edited, cut, copied, and pasted to other Windows programs.
SYSTAT's new comprehensive on-line help system includes explanations of SYSTAT commands,
functions, and procedures. You can even access information on a particular topic by searching on a
key word.

Since Windows allows you to open several windows on the desktop at the same time, you'll be able to
view data and graphics side-by-side. Also, data and graphics are fully integrated in SYSTAT for
Windows: you'll be able to click on data points and instantly view the cases in your data set that
correspond to those points.

SYSTAT's interactive graphics let you do more than just calculate statistics. You can explore your
data in new ways and from a variety of perspectives. For example, you can use the lasso tool to
select a subset of data and exclude outlying points, and with just a few clicks create a graph of the
subset. Or, rotate plots to view data from different perspectives, revealing new insights about
distributions and factors. SYSTAT's analysis is equally interactive. For example, you can substitute
one variable in an analysis or graph with another to explore data in new ways. To compare results,
simply display graphic differences.

SYSTAT for Windows runs in standard and 386 enhanced modes and takes advantage of Windows
advanced memory management. By operating SYSTAT for Windows in extended memory mode, you'll be
able to analyze very large and complex problems. SYSTAT can handle an unlimited number of records
and up to 256 variables in a single data file. And, as with all SYSTAT products, SYSTAT for Windows
command and data files are compatible with SYSTAT for DOS, Mac and VAX/VMS.

SYSTAT requires Windows 3.1 or higher running in standard or extended modes, with a minimum of 2 Mb
RAM and 6 Mb of available disk space. A mouse, co-processor and additional memory are recommended
but not required.
