The NEC booth at Comdex Fall '93
is the place to go if you want to see
Windows NTTM really perform.


Dear Kevin Grover,


You've read all the articles.  You've heard all the amazing claims.  Now your
chance to test drive Windows NT and experience it for yourself is finally here.

We invite you to come to booth L2636 at Comdex Fall '93, November 15th to the
19th.  Test drive the new NEC ImageTM RISCstationTM and ExpressTM RISCserverTM
products running Windows NT.  And experience it the way it was meant to be --
on the platform it was written on.

NEC RISC systems have the power, speed and flexibility to show you what
Windows NT can really do.  In fact, these systems, which are powered by the
NEC VR 4400 64-bit microprocessor, can run Windows NT almost twice as fast
as PentiumTM, and nearly four times as fast as the i486TM DX2/66 processor
(according to independent application benchmarks and bitfield Byte portable
benchmarks, August 1993).

And since Microsoft used this system to develop Windows NT, you're assured
complete compatibility as well as optimum performance.

Of course, there are other reasons to stop by NEC booth L2636.  First of all,
you'll receive a special gift, free, just for trying Windows NT on a new Image
RISCstation.  You can also take part in live benchmark comparisons and see
how NEC's manufacturing kits can offer you complete solutions for high-
performance RISC systems design.  In addition, you'll have the opportunity
to win a MultiSpin~ CD-ROM drive, which will be given away each day, and 
a fully configured NEC Image RISCstation that will be given away at the
end of the show.

So don't experience Windows NT on systems that don't have the power to
demonstrate its full potential.  Stop by NEC booth L2636 at the Las Vegas
Convention Center, November 15th through the 19th, and test drive it on the
machine it was written on -- an NEC RISC system.  It'll blow you away.


Sincerely,


James R. Berrett
Chief Operating Executive
NEC Technologies, Inc.


Kunishiro Saito
President & Chief Executive Officer
NEC Electronics, Inc.


NEC
