Ingres					Telephone: 510.769.1400
The ASK Group, Inc.
1080 Marina Village Parkway
Box 4026
Alameda, CA 94501-1095


Ingres


June 28, 1993


Dear INGRES Support Customer:


As a result of suggestions from users like yourself, we are pleased to announce several
enhancements to Customer Support that will provide you with easier, faster access to
technical support and product information.

			INGRES/Advisor
INGRES/Advisor, the on-line source for technical support and product information, has
been enhanced with new services and features:

~ ProAlert -~ access documents describing known INGRES bugs and anomalies.
  ProAlert is currently in beta, but will be available to all support contacts soon.
~ E-mail Call Entry -~ enter and monitor your support calls via electronic mail.
~ Knowledge Access download -~ send Knowledge Base documents directly to your
  fax machine, or e-mail them to yourself for local printing and reference.
~ TSConnect -~ enter and monitor your support calls on-line, now expanded with
  longer call descriptions and two-way communication capability.
~ CompuServe Network access -~ get faster response than with Internet or the direct
  number and you don't have to be a CompuServe member to use it!

If you haven't tried INGRES/Advisor yet, take a tip from the many users who have and
love it! They especially like entering support calls 24 hours a day. For more
information, please refer to the new INGRES/Advisor User's Guide enclosed.

		Automatic Call Distribution
A new call routing system will begin beta testing July 26th. During the test period, you
will have the option of using the system or going directly to the dispatch operator as you
do now.

This new system will allow you to route your call directly to the person that can best
answer your question, saving you time and helping eliminate phone tag. You will be
prompted to enter your contact ID as well as the product category your call is regarding.
We hope that you will find this new system to be more responsive to your needs.

We appreciate your suggestions and comments, so please keep them coming; they get
results and help us make improvements for you!


Sincerely,


Sue Shields
Vice President, Customer Support & Services
