Microsoft Corporation            Tel 206 882 8080
One Microsoft Way                Telex 160520
Redmond, WA  98052-6399          Fax 206 936 7329


Microsoft~


Dear Systems Professional,


Microsoft~ Windows NTTM is our most powerful operating system ever.  And I'm anxious for you to see it in action.

That's why I'd like to personally invite you to an informative, free seminar:  Understanding and Integrating
Windows NT.

This full-day seminar will provide the critical technical information you need to evaluate the Windows NT platform
as a solution for your enterprise-wide information systems needs.

You'll get a close look at Windows NT and understand how you can use it to build, deploy and manage powerful,
scalable, integrated systems.  Systems that not only leverage your current investment but make you more productive
and efficient.

Throughout the day, you'll see demonstrations and hear technical discussions of how the Windows NT platform
delivers scalable architecture, interoperability, integrated security, advanced fault tolerance, remote access services,
and centralized management.  You'll see how the Windows NT platform integrates into your existing operating
environment.  Demos and discussions will include:

~  Windows NT and Windows NT Advanced Server

~  SQL Server for Windows NT

~  SNA Server for Windows NT

~  Microsoft's centralized desktop management system

In addition, the seminar has time set aside time to make sure your questions about the Windows NT platform and
system integration are answered.  For this reason, I've dedicated a voice mailbox at Microsoft to receive your spe-
cific questions -~ the number is (206) 936-9390.  Our presenters will be listening to your questions and addressing
them with you in the seminars.

I know how important it is for you to keep abreast of the latest developments in information technology.  So please
make every effort to attend this event.  To reserve your place, simply call Microsoft toll-free at (800) 557-0800.

I hope you can attend.


Sincerely,


David Cutler
Director, Windows NT Development


P.S.  When you call to make your reservation for the seminar, please have your personal registration code and
      seminar code ready for the location you prefer.  You'll find your registration code above your name on the
      address panel of your envelope.  And the seminar codes are listed in the enclosed brochure.


Microsoft Corporation is an equal opportunity employer.


