Cool Innovation #3:  App Studio.  Visually create the user interface for your application!  This powerful tool
combines eight Windows resource editors (with the most "WYSIWYGness" ever!), giving you precise
control over your resources!  Open multiple resource files and drag and drop resources.  Change your mind
about some edits in creating your menus?  Simply click on the Multi-Level Undo button on the toolbar.
Support for Visual Basic custom controls allows you to use over 100 prebuilt controls provided by Microsoft
and third-party developers.  And of course, App Studio is tightly integrated with the Visual Workbench.

Cool Innovation #4:  ClassWizard.  This new and revolutionary tool is the key to integrating App Studio,
the Microsoft Foundation Class Library, and the Visual Workbench.  Move seamlessly between your user-
interface elements and application code.  Point and click to connect messages in Windows and interface
items to C++ code (just like with the Visual Basic programming system!).  ClassWizard automatically takes
you right into the Visual Workbench editor, and shows you exactly where to place your code.  ClassWizard
even writes C++ code to create new classes and new member functions as you need them, with lots of
comments to show you how to tailor them to your own purposes!

You asked for reusable code.  With Microsoft Foundation Class Library 2.0 you can create
professional Windows-based applications easily and fast!

MAJOR ADVANCE!  Microsoft Foundation Class Library 2.0, the leading Windows API for C++, just
got better!  Microsoft Foundation Class Library 2.0 extends the building blocks offered in version 1.0 of the
Library, by providing high-level abstractions for advanced development for Windows.  Prebuilt, reusable, 
and customizable functionality is provided to assist you in implementing sophisticated Windows-based
applications with such features as:  MDI support, printing, Print Preview, toolbars, status bars, and much
more.  You'll be impressed, and your applications will be impressive!  And Microsoft Foundation Class
Library 2.0 has been rigorously tuned to give you small, fast executables.

Just as important as reusing code is leveraging your existing knowledge base.  You can always go directly
to the Windows API in C (and, of course, all the integrated tools support C code as well as C++), which is
especially useful for migrating existing Windows code to the framework.  Since the framework exploits the
Windows programming idioms, it leverages the vast array of Windows programming knowledge.  If you've
invested in version 1.0 of the Microsoft Foundation Class Library, then your investment is secure, because
all your existing Microsoft Foundation Class Library code will recompile smoothly with Microsoft
Foundation Class Library 2.0.  And your investment will continue to be safe because Microsoft Foundation
Class Library is scalable to the Win32sTM API and, in the future, to Windows NTTM and other extensions
to the platform.

And you still want to generate the fastest, smallest code possible.  Count on our fourth-generation
optimizing compiler!

ENHANCED!  Optimization technology.  We further improved our already proven code generation
technology.  Visual C++ gives you the most sophisticated code generation technology available today so
you can create the smallest and fastest applications possible.  And to further enhance the speed of your
applications, we've added the following support:

	NEW! Smart linking.  This allows you to link in only those library functions that are actually
        called, thereby reducing link time and .EXE size.
        NEW! 386 code generation.  Exploit the 386 instruction set and watch your application hit
        mach speeds!

Visual C++ is available in two versions.  If you would simply like to explore Windows programming in
C++ and don't need the power that the Professional Edition provides, you may, for a limited time only,
