FRANZ INC.


8932


Save $200 on the best Windows
object-oriented programming
system available.

Hurry! Offer expires
September 30, 1993.


Dear Software Developer:


If you had the luxury of designing your own developer's toolkit, what would it contain?  Advanced object-
oriented programming, of course.  An interactive environment, definitely.  A native 32-bit Common Lisp
compiler would be terrific.  And royalty-free runtimes-~is that too much to ask?

	Franz Inc. is pleased to introduce you to Allegro CL\PC, the first full-featured Common Lisp
	system with CLOS for PCs that gives you everything on your wish list and more-~without
	costing a mint.

No matter what we tell you about Allegro CL\PC, you won't appreciate the power, speed, control, portability
and ease of use of this extraordinary product until you try it for yourself.  Which is why we're making you the
following special offer:

	Order Allegro CL\PC by September 30, 1993, and we'll take $200 off the $995 suggested
	retail price.  You pay only $795 for a feature-packed, fully integrated, advanced programming
	system containing tools that were previously available only on UNIX workstations or
	specialized hardware.

	Best of all, you have absolutely nothing to lose by ordering, because Allegro CL\PC comes
	with a 60-day, unconditional money-back guarantee.  If for any reason you are not completely
	satisfied with this product and what it can do for you, simply return it to us within 60 days for
	a full refund of your purchase price.

Allegro CL\PC's easy-to-use, interactive development environment makes it simpler than ever for you to
develop knowledge-based systems, scheduling and process control applications, simulation and modeling,
computer-aided design (CAD) and graphical user interface-based (GUI) systems.

It also allows you to use the programming power and object orientation of CLOS to design, build and
maintain applications for Microsoft Windows quickly and efficiently.  Your applications in CLOS are portable
across most major platforms, including PCs, UNIX workstations and Macintoshes.
        
                                                                                        (over, please)


1995 University Avenue  Berkeley, California  94704
