SYMANTEC.


Symantec Peter Norton Group
10201 Torre Avenue
Cupertino, CA 95014


We've just hit a home run with our
NEW Norton Backup Version 3.0 for Windows
and your box seat is only $29!


Dear Kevin Grover:


	As a Norton Backup user, you already know how important it is to backup your data.
You also know how to make good choices, since you've already chosen the fastest and
most reliable backup product on the market.  That's why I'm so eager to tell you about
the very latest version of an award-winning product that will help you keep all your
backup bases covered.  It's The Norton Backup Version 3.0 for Windows-~a remarkable
new standard in Windows backup technology!

Works flawlessly with the backup devices you already have
and those you're likely to get in the future.

	The Norton Backup Version 3.0 for Windows is a heavy hitter when it comes to back-
up device support.  You can now backup your valuable data to more devices than ever
before, including SCSI tape backup devices, Irwin AccuTrak and high-speed tape
controllers.  With Version 3.0, you now have total flexibility with your backup
options.

Totally compatible with DOS 6.0 backup.

	Since Symantec created the backup used in DOS 6.0, The Norton Backup Version 3.0
for Windows offers true compatibility as well as many advantages not found in DOS 6.0.
But most important, our new upgrade is the only backup that can restore DOS 6.0
compressed backups.

Some things haven't change-~like its blazing speed!

	Faster backups mean more free time for work ... or play.  So you'll be glad to
know that the safest and most reliable backup utility is still the fastest!
The Norton Backup Version 3.0 for Windows features data transfer rates of up to
5.5 MB per minute when backing up to floppy devices.  In fact, it's up to four times
faster than the backup technology in DOS 6.0.

And it's still the easiest to use!

	All the automated features you know and love are still here, including a scheduler
to run automatic backups at your convenience, or unattended, any time of the day or
night.
