Finding eigenvalues and eigenvectors of a real matrix


BA


Mathcad~


Take Advantage of the Mathcad Preferred Engineer/Scientist Discount Program and
                        Get a Full Working Copy of
          New Mathcad~ 4.0 for Only $7999       (retail $495)
                                            You Must Respond by 6/30/93


Dear Colleague:


I'm pleased to invite you to participate in our new Mathcad Preferred Engineer/Scientist Discount Program during the initial
sign-up period, which ends on June 30, 1993.

The purpose of the program is simple:  to introduce our newest and most exciting technical calculation tools as they're completed to
a small, select group of people who will make the best use of them.  Most engineers and scientists have heard of Mathcad, but only a
fraction have actually used the software, something we expect the Preferred Program to change quickly.

Your participation in the Mathcad Preferred Engineer/Scientist Discount Program starts with a full working copy of our new, faster,
fully 32-bit version of Mathcad 4.0, the world's most popular math software, for only $79.99.  Yes, it's the same full-feature Mathcad
that sells in retail stores for $495.

	That's a saving of $415 off the list price.  Of course, your Discount Program purchase is fully guaranteed for 60 days.
	If you're not amazed with Mathcad, return it for a full refund (less shipping and handling).

A remarkable savings, but more so when I give you a feel for what Mathcad 4.0 is and does.

The "Smart" Math Scratchpad

New Mathcad 4.0 literally turns your computer's screen into a "smart" math scratchpad and is available for Microsoft~ WindowsTM.
(If you prefer, you can order Macintosh Mathcad 3.1 and PC DOS Mathcad 2.5 which have minor differences.  The PC DOS version
does not perform symbolic calculations.  UNIX versions are also available once you're a Preferred Program participant.)  Responding
to your mouse or keyboard, the program writes and solves virtually any mathematical equation, and communicates the answer to
others without any rewriting.  Here's how easy it is:


	Use your mouse to select mathematical symbols and operators from on-screen icons.  (You can
	see and select 56 operators and symbols with two mouse clicks or keystrokes-~no arcane F keys
	to learn in new Mathcad 4.0!)  Click on a symbol or operator and it appears on the screen, just
	where you want it, complete with the blanks for you to fill in.  Here's one as an example:



	When you've filled in the blanks, type an "=" sign.  Using one of the features based on the
	new SmartMathTM rules processor, Mathcad simplifies your equations and solves them accurately with
	its powerful Maple symbolic engine whenever possible.


New Mathcad 4.0 gives you the core of Maple, today's most powerful symbolic math tool from the University of Waterloo, Canada.
With just a menu click, for example, Mathcad can simplify a formula or solve for a variable.  There is no need to learn a programming
language, just point and click.  The symbolic answer is ready for numerical calculations or further symbolic transformation.

A More Useful Benefit to You Than Even Time Savings

Of course, using your PC to do all the routine work will save you a considerable amount of time.  But new Mathcad 4.0 will do far
more than that.  It will allow you to solve problems much more effectively and efficiently.

Because math with Mathcad is so much easier, you'll do more of it as part of each problem you solve.  Your answers will be more
accurate.  And you'll do more "what if" calculating than you bother with now.

