	Your "what if" work will be enhanced by Mathcad's range variables and matrices.  With a few keystrokes, you can solve up
	to 50 simultaneous linear or nonlinear equations and inequalities.  And enjoy new Mathcad 4.0's unlimited matrix and
	array capacity.

Mathcad enthusiasts tell us they enjoy it most because they feel they're doing more of what they're getting paid to do.

Turning You Into a Communications Expert

Beyond doing all your math calculations, Mathcad makes you a skilled communicator.  Here's how:

	~  Your equations come out in near typeset quality on any printer.  Other people will understand what you were thinking
	   without needing to know Fortran, C or a program-specific language.

	~  Put fully formatted text with fonts and point sizes you choose anywhere on your Mathcad page.  You can put in an
           explanatory text block near an equation, or across the top of the page to explain an entire process.  You enter text as easily
	   as in a word processor, with full editing capabilities.

	~  Use new Mathcad 4.0's increased graphing capabilities to illustrate your functions and plots in two and three dimensions,
	   including new polar and contour plots.  Add colors, different line types and legends for truly informative displays.

	~  Cut-and-paste anything between Mathcad and other programs, like Excel,~ Lotus 1-2-3~, WordPerfect, Microsoft Word, etc.
	   New Mathcad 4.0 for Windows supports both OLE Client and Server, Windows' best transfer tools.  Now you can cut-and-
	   paste, for example, 1-2-3 spreadsheets or Word text into your Mathcad document; Mathcad automatically transforms
	   spreadsheet cells into matrices or arrays, or vice versa.

Using Mathcad, you'll work more effectively with others because you'll communicate ideas and answers more clearly in less time.

Build on a Solid Platform

Mathcad makes turning to handbooks for ideas and math recipes even easier than before.  No more searching for a book or hand
copying formulas.

	New Mathcad 4.0 includes a Standard Electronic Handbook.  It gives you instant access to a wealth of standard formulas,
	useful data, and commonly-used equations.  And it's interactive, so you can make modifications for specific calculations.
	Change parameters, plots and variables, and let Mathcad automatically calculate your answers within the Electronic
	Handbook.  Or double-click on a Handbook entry and paste it into your Mathcad document.

For an even wider range of ready-to-use formulas, data, and specialized functionality, you can customize Mathcad with additional
Electronic Handbooks, created with the leading publishers of technical reference handbooks, and Applications Packs, adaptable
templates.  Handbooks and Application Packs are available for areas such as Electrical, Mechanical, Civil and Chemical Engineering,
Physics and Natural Science.  Our soon to be released SmartMath Function Packs will add specialized functionality.

You'll be eligible for remarkable savings on all these additional Mathcad tools when you participate in our new Preferred
Engineer/Scientist Discount Program.

It's Time to Order Now!

Please take advantage of our new Preferred Engineer/Scientist Discount Program.  Call our toll-free Program Hotline now at 1-800-
945-5075.  They'll ask you for your Preferred Discount Program Number.  It's printed on the enclosed Preferred Discount Certificate.

Or, you may mail your Preferred Discount Certificate using the enclosed postpaid, pre-addressed reply envelope, or FAX it any time
to 1-716-873-0906.  Whichever way you order, you must do it by 6/30/93.

We can accommodate only a limited number of people in the program, and we don't want you to miss out.  So please order now.
And the sooner you do, the sooner you'll be enjoying the significant advantages of Mathcad.


Sincerely,


Gordon Gossage
Vice President, Sales & Marketing


P.S.  Please remember the few conditions of the Preferred Discount Program.  First, you really must respond by 6/30/93.
Second, only orders that include your non-transferable Preferred Discount Program Number will be honored; the Number is shown
on your enclosed Preferred Discount Certificate.  And finally, you may order only one copy of Mathcad at the $79.99 price.
